I want a rework of this project and it should have all these which i mention below.

First the sidebar it should be moveable when click it should show full or hover my mouse it should show fully other wise it should be closed and only icons should be visible.

Now in the sidebar these only should be there.
1. overview
2. Patient
3. New order
4. Work order
5. Report generation
6. Billing
7. Test CatLog
8. Doctors
9. Settings.

1. Overview - Everything should be there what we have done today

2. Patients-

Under Patient registration.
Name
Gender - dropdown menu.
In drop down menu
 1.select gender
 2.Male, 3.Female, 4.Others.
Age just an Int not full Date of birth
Phone number

3. New Orders
Select Patient
Select tests

Here i should be able select the test categories & individual tests also.
It should show values for various Genders.
It also should show cost of the whole Package & individual test.
It should show a referred by option, where i can add a doctor or self.

4. Work Queue.

There should be sections
Pending Tests
Result entry

In pending tests It should show only the patient name, test CatLog name, Dr name & completed or pending.

In results entry
It should have

Test Result value Unit. Ref range as per Male/female

When i click the result value i can able to control it by arrow keys & enter button, because when i enter the result value after that i click enter it should go to the next valve to enter where I can enter the value & move to next & if i want go to previous one i should be able to do that by using the arrow keys.

In result entry i should have two buttons one for verify & save the result & other one is edit button because some time miss some numbers so to enter the correct values we need the button.

5. Report Generation

Here we will preview the report.

The report should have 3 options which are (1) A drop down menu with 3 options 1 select the option, 2 With letterhead, 3 Without letterhead.

Save as pdf Here also it should have the pdf with 2 options with letterhead, without letterhead.

A print button which will work with the printer, which also should have these options with letterhead, without letterhead.

6. Billing

After generating the report it should update in the invoices showing patient name, Amount, status-pending or paid. This is in one tab.

In another tab. It should show discount amount & tax amount & total amount 

If there is no tax or discount applied it should not reflect in the bill. If they applied it should reflect in the bill.

It should have a due amount also when the total amount is less after the tax or the discount then it should show due amount and it should be shown in the bill.

In the same tab there should 2 payment methods. included one is cash as other is UPI. Once i click any of those two methods the status changes to paid & Generate bill button activates.

when i click the generate bill button it should show a preview of the bill it also should have 2 options one is save as pdf & Print which print outs the bill.

7. Test CatLog

Here the tests should be mentioned, it should be categorized by the department. like Biochemistry -> department & in biochemistry what tests we do it should be under it.

8. Doctors

It should be linked to the doctor when we create a new order.

In new order we will have Referred by dropdown menu where will have a drop down doctors names, if none selected it should automatically select as self.

In this module it should have doctor name, phone number & commission fee. It should have 2 tabs one for doctor details & other for doctors list i should be able to do CRUD operations so when a doctor left the town or changed the number or increased the commission fee.

9. Settings

Here I should have backup option & a information about the operator.






